DRIVERS-1807 Keep existing retry behavior unless CSOT is enabled (#1317)
mongodb/specifications: source/client-side-operations-timeout/client-side-operations-timeout.rst

~~~~~~~~~

This 64-bit integer option specifies the per-operation timeout value in
milliseconds. The default value is unset which means this feature is not

> enabled, ie the existing timeout behavior is unchanged (including

Reviewer: ```suggestion
enabled, i.e. the existing timeout behavior is unchanged (including
```
